GENERAL PROBLEMS


1) Whenever I upgrade Scilab, do I need to reinstall or recompile SIP?
   Yes. If you are using a binary version of SIP, then you should
   install a specific binary to your version of scilab. If you are
   compiling from source, then you should recompile and re-install
   SIP.

2) SIP compilation hangs

This happens with gcc-2.9x.x, but not with gcc-3 and up.  If you wait
a long time, you will see that gcc-2 will finaly finish compilation.
This is a limitation of gcc-2.

3) When i run mogrify and the option '-segment' on an indexed image, 
it crashes,  with a message in the console:
memory.c:88: AcquireMemory: Assertion `size != 0' failed

This is a bug from ImageMagick 5.5.7. Currently there is no solution
to this, but please report to us if you encontered this bug with another
version of ImageMagick.

4) Scilab crashes when I try to read a truecolor image with an
accidental second output parameter.

This bug has been fixed since the new SIP development version of 20040520.


5) In Scilab-2.6 only there is a bug with color images:
   A=imread(SIPDIR+'images/ararauna.jpg');
   size(A)
      ! 161 !
      ! 200 !
      ! 3   !
   B(1,1,1)=A(1,1,1)
   size(B)
   ! 161 200 3 !

   The size of A was a column vector, but the size of B is now a row
   vector. This does not occur in Scilab 2.7, but only in 2.6. 
   (thx to J. Druel for reporting)



COMMON LINUX/UNlX PROBLEMS & SOLUTIONS

1) Linux General Problems

   If you SIP are to install sip from souce code, your system must
   be prepared for compilation. That means you must have *all*
   development packages of your system installed, unless you know
   for sure what you don't need.  My recommendations are:
      - Don't trust your distribution's ImageMagick binary packages;
        there's a chance they are buggy.
      - Learn how to install ImageMagick from source. This way
        you learn how to install most free software from source.
      - Linux has nice windows-like features, but it is good
        for you to learn it's much nicer UNlX features!
      - Ask me questions by e-mail <rfabbri@if.sc.usp.br>


2) RedHat 7.x  and other common Linux problems
    
   The imagemagick development RPM has been buggy in the past
   RH releases.  Please install ImageMagick from source. The
   problem is that RH 7.x put the C language headers in
   /usr/X11R6/include/X11/magick/magick but this is not informed
   by the Magick-config utility.  Maybe this happens with other RH
   versions as well, so be aware. Here is a step-by-step procedure
   for naive Linux users to install SIP:
      - remove all imagemagick RPMs from your system
      - install the latest ImageMagick from source:
            ./configure --enable-shared
            make 
            make install
      - edit /etc/ld.so.conf, and add the following line to it:
            /usr/local/lib
      - type
            /sbin/ldconfig
      - fix the OTHERLIBS bug described in the file INSTALL.txt
      - rebuild SIP (exec builder.sce as root)


3) Scilab crashes whenever a SIP function is called.
    
   This is probably due to ImageMagick shared library conflicts in
   your system. When uninstalling previous ImageMagick packages,
   make SURE that your package manager has removed ALL related
   files. ImageMagick is used by many other programs, so your package
   manager might still keep some shared libs EVEN when it is told
   to uninstall the package. That is why I recommend installing new
   imagemagick packages under /usr/local. That way you can easily
   check for conflicting imagemagick libraries in /usr/lib, in case
   something strange occurs. If any libmagick* file is in /usr/lib,
   just delete them; delete your sip installation; unpack it again;
   exec builder.sce; exec loader.sce; sipdemo(); enjoy;


4) "sh: Magick-config: command not found"
    
   If this message appears while running the builder.sce script
   under UNlXs, just insert the full path to the "Magick-config" program
   in your PATH and in root's PATH. Then run builder.sce again.


-----------------------------------------------------------------
SIP - Scilab Image Processing toolbox
Copyright (C) 2002-2004, 2003  Ricardo Fabbri

See the file COPYING for license-related issues
